hello Marvel DC image Dark Arts an indie
comic fans this is Mac solo for the Mac
solo channel of ever always evolving
reviews ever ever evolving reviews I
recant myself here to review the Marvel
Universe figure of Ray and hope it's a
reissue and I'd like to point out I
pretty much called it back in February
of this year on our Redhawks contest
it's all Kurama contests back on
February 8th of this year and I said the
guys just had too much damn inside
information to just be any old Joe Schmo
off the street you know taking down
though I mean taking the guy to the moon
and just relaying it to the Hulk
he just knew way too much just to be
anybody in heaven talking about him and
dossiers on everybody and you just he
just laid the wood to the whole pretty
much the whole Marvel Universe anyway he
is this figure is number 28 in the line
totally lucked up 645 almost 7 bucks for
this figure right now on eBay the prices
F cam we're down good news for us bad
news for the scalpers but screw the
scalpers any damn way I turn it around
so you can get a good look
I had to hope read his Red Hawk I loved
I should say so you can read his bio
check out why the pedia to have more
more updated version of this obviously
this is before she will became hammer
and look Nick Fury can get it get your
free Nick Fury if you sign up early just
go ahead and bundok rooting invest time
into that little site and he's all the
guys in that line you got Union Jack
blade I plan on getting bleed and Union
Jack I already got black spider-man
black custom spider-man anyway alright
we'll go ahead and crack this bad boy
open and see what makes him tick up I
think I said this is number 29 in the
line but it's serious this is series 1
of it alright alright I didn't see his
name was so busy talking about I called
it and was pretty proud of because I
called it like eight months ago anyway
he's general theater fatty it's a
Thunderbolt Ross okay
the guy who absolutely hates Bruce
Banner to begin with it kind of threw it
threw it off I guess they did some kind
of subconscious thing because I remember
issue 8 he was talking to thunderbolt in
the first place you know but you know
marvel if they can twist it up being
bring people back from the dead and
whatnot I'm totally waiting for a
century to come back like a phoenix from
the ashes and whatnot yeah the Hulk as
you can see a quick size comparison
Red Hulk I should say is huge compared
to the Wolverine Origins comic book
version Deadpool and give it even closer
look so you can't even see the wrinkles
in his bad-boy
his obvious black wash and compared to
the size he's still amongst even in that
size to the build a figure in home step
aside did he comes he comes with his top
secret dossier we all know what's inside
of you seeing it over and over again
he is articulation and wrists single
jointed elbow or ball joint in the elbow
it goes around Iran side back and forth
ball joint in the shoulder head goes 360
Ches articulation no waist articulation
ball joint in the hip
and ball jointed knee that goes all over
the place
he has ankle articulation no side pivot
but his leg his knee can go all over the
place
bam bam bam no hand articulation
whatsoever no wrist
yeah no risk pivot and no individual
finger articulation much like his big
brother and he has black washing the
pants but not too much going on with the
red it's just like a flat block red as
we compare it to his larger version you
know this wrist articulation he has a
wrist pivot and it goes around around
this is I guess I'm kind of sneaking up
a double review on you without even
really trying single jointed elbow
yes bicep rotation ball joint in the
shoulder he goes up and down round and
round
here's that chest ratchet and waist
articulation ball joint in the hip fire
rotation single jointed knee foot pivot
well I should say ankle pivot no side to
side and no toe pivot no toe
articulation whatsoever and I don't know
if I said it before no finger
articulation and this one either so they
they run a pretty close neck-and-neck
you know father and son Red Hulk senior
at home Junior more black washing this
the little guys past and daddy-o's and a
little bit more ripping going on you got
think a mu mu community yeah I already
did a review on this one
comparing the red the green and gray
together they all use the same body
modes the only thing they really change
was maybe the hair and head
sculpt and the hand scopes other than
that the whole body is pretty much the
same thing which it doesn't make any
difference toy companies have been doing
it forever has both been doing it
toy biz they all do it anyway uh I hope
my video was informative leave a comment
rate and subscribe and of course I'll be
saying this again at the end of my video
and I'll be talking to you later
alright and this is Mac solo saying
again as usual keep doing what you're
doing and fun with what you do video
respond
comment rate and subscribe and I'll see
you later alright take care